Meeting Minutes:
Date - 25/06/2021
Attendees:
-	Cameron
-	Abrar
-	Jackson
-	Sam
-	Amon
Topics of Discussion:
•	Discussed UML diagram.
•	Went through the specification in more detail.
•	Decided upon weekly meeting time: Monday 4pm
•	Assigned Milestone 1 roles.
Date - 28/06/2021
Attendees:
-	Cameron
-	Abrar
-	Jackson
-	Sam
-	Amon
Topics of Discussion:
•	Reviewed Samuel Yau’s first draft of the UML diagram as a group.
•	Discussed priority ratings of user stories.
•	Discussed possible ideas for improving front end design.
Date - 02/07/2021
Attendees:
-	Cameron
-	Abrar
-	Jackson
-	Sam
-	Amon
Topics of Discussion:
•	Reviewed Samuel Yau's final UML and Amon Yokshida's Frontend designs as a group
•	Reviewed and added to assumptions list
•	Had Project Check in with Ivan
Date - 05/07/2021
Attendees:
-	Cameron
-	Abrar
-	Jackson
-	Sam
-	Amon
Topics of Discussion:
•	Discussed implementation ideas for the initial/high priority backend functions
•	Divided up the backend functions amongst the group
Date - 12/07/2021
Attendees:
-	Cameron
-	Abrar
-	Jackson
-	Sam
-	Amon
Topics of Discussion:
•	Presented our progress on our backend functions
•	Merged branches with completed work, in order to continue working on sections with interdependancies
•	Brainstormed how to handle these interdependancies (ie, how to properly integrate items with battles, and the like)
Date - 16/07/2021
Attendees:
-	Cameron
-	Abrar
-	Jackson
-	Sam
-	Amon
Topics of Discussion:
•	Milestone 1 presentation
•	Milestone 2 project check in: discussed questions about submission, pattern usage and connecting the backend to the front end
•	Discussed progress on backend functions
•	Worked to merge branches again
Date - 19/07/2021
Attendees:
-	Cameron
-	Abrar
-	Jackson
-	Sam
-	Amon
Topics of Discussion:
•	Discussion of remaining Milestone 2 features that had not been implemented in time
•	Distribution of Milestone 3 tasks
Date - 23/07/2021
Attendees:
-	Cameron
-	Abrar
-	Jackson
-	Sam
-	Amon
Topics of Discussion:
•	Milesone 2 presentation
•	Milesone 3 discussion: current progress, fourth pattern ideas, minor bug fix to-dos, etc.
Date - 30/07/2021
Attendees:
-	Cameron
-	Jackson
-	Sam
-	Amon
Topics of Discussion:
•	Milesone 3 project check in with Ivan
•	Further discussion of possible additional pattern, progress on M3 features and extensions
•	Worked on adding Image views of Elan and Doggie
